hi and welcome back today we're going to
talk about eye cream and eye cream is
something that I've just started using
in the past year or so when I've tried
quite a few and today I'm going to talk
about one of my favorites it's from the
Danish brand 1 spoon and it's their eye
cream from the organic care line it's
free of parabens colorants and any kind
of fragrance it comes with a pump like
this and I I think it's both convenient
and really a little unmanageable because
it's extremely sensitive you have to
press very likely to get out the product
and this is like the amount that i would
use on my eyes I really like this I
cream because the texture texture is
extremely thick a lot of the hand creams
I have tried have been have had a really
light texture and almost feeling like a
Jill and I do not like that in an eye
cream because I don't think that makeup
sits well on top of that I like my eye
creams to be thick and nourishing and
and and and more slippery kind of
texture just like this one has another
thing about this eye cream is that it is
fragrance free and that is absolutely
perfect when you are using it around
your sensitive eye area you do not want
fragrance in your eyes and you do not
want any colorants in your eyes the
whole paraben free thing is so so a lot
of the pyramids are really really good
and safe preservatives and I don't know
why they are all blamed for being
harmful it's only a few of them that are
maybe considered dangerous to the skin
ethyl paraben methylparaben things like
that they are not harmful at all as you
can see the packaging is not an open jar
so it's really difficult for bacteria
and stuff like that to come inside the
container and that makes it okay that it
doesn't have any parabens in it for me
personally I can live with that because
I know it's a safe product to use and
way because of the packaging is so great
you get a lot of product in this I cream
it contains 30 mils which is one fluid
ounce and that is quite a lot for an eye
cream usually they are about 15 mils and
this one actually is the size of a small
a jar of a regular moisturizer so it's
gotta last me forever I've used it for
about a month and I'm not even a quarter
of the way through this product it's
going to last me forever but that's
totally fine with me I use it morning
and night and I use it in the nighttime
after my serum but always use it before
my moisturizer because I really like the
ingredients to sink into my skin and not
sit on top of the skin if I applied any
moisturizer prior to the eye cream so I
like to apply my eye cream first and
then my nighttime moisturizer it's the
same thing in the day and sometimes if I
if I know that I'm going to do a lot of
highlighting under my eyes I like to use
an eye cream as the last step in my skin
care of G so that the the concealer will
really melt into the skin and syd nuys
on top of my skin alright those were my
thoughts on the one spill organic care I
cream I hope you liked the video and
thank you so much for watching